hey guys J here you're watching J is 2
cents now before we get into today's
review let's go ahead and answer some
questions that you guys have been asking
me and that is J I love your content how
can I support well the best way to
support me honestly is just keep
watching and share the videos with your
friends however some of you who've kind
of wanted to go above and beyond that
particular type of support and you can
do that so just look down in the
description you'll find a few different
ways to help support me here and allow
me to continue to bring you the content
that you guys are demanding from me so
with that out of the way let's go ahead
and talk about today's review topic and
that is the ragin tech Themis evo air
cooler I don't know a whole lot about it
in fact I don't even know if I'm saying
the name right we're gonna take a look
at this see how it stacks up how it
performs and whether or not it's
something you should even be considering
looking at get 10% off anything from
Coolermaster at the CM store see the
description for details alright
so product dimensions let's go ahead
talk about the size of the cooler to see
if you can even fit this in your case
it's 122 millimeter by 82 millimeter by
165 millimeters tall so if you're
putting this in a small form-factor a
micro ITX build or a or a mini ITX build
or a micro ATX build depending on the
case you go with you're going to want to
make sure there's plenty of height for
that this is not a low-profile cooler it
does come with a 120 millimeter fan
rating 1000 to 1800 rpm it measures 78.8
2 CFM of airflow that's a lot of airflow
the fan also features 3.2 2 millimeters
of h2o of static pressure that's a lot
of pressure obviously it's a 1800 rpms
life expectancy is 40,000 hours and the
noise level is 27.8 6 DB at max I'm
gonna call shenanigans on that number
because I've yet to come across any fan
that has ever hit it's like it's DB
decimal rating that's a whole nother
video when it comes to companies in the
way that they rate their fan noise okay
so inside the box right on the top there
is all of your hard right here and this
does support all of your various socket
types all your common sockets FM 1 FM 2
FM 2 plus and 2 a.m. 3 & 3 plus and all
of your Intel sockets so this is gonna
work with pretty much any modern CPU
that you build now there's not a whole
lot going on inside the box you do have
some product manual here
you are gonna want to look at this to
make sure you install it correctly
because after all we always are talking
about
the cooling of your CPU it's kind of a
big deal let's go and talk about the fan
this is 122 millimeter by 25 millimeter
dimension it has a sleeved cable kudos
for that you guys know how to feel about
fan manufacturers that do not include
sleeving
it cost a couple of cents and it just
really improves the looks of it and it
is a 4 pin pwm so it is gonna ramp up
and slow down based on the load on your
CPU
now the actual fan blades on this are
very aggressive they have a very
aggressive angle which is how they're
able to get that massive static pressure
on there but again this could also
create quite a bit of blade noise at you
know higher rpm speeds so we'll be
checking that when we do our review of
this it moves a ton of air just spinning
it by hand I feel so much air coming off
the back of this fan I can't wait to see
how it actually sounds now let's go
ahead and talk about the the meat of
this review and that is the actual
cooling tower itself and here it is the
entire tower is a kind of a
nickel-plated tower so it's gonna look
really good it's got a ton of
actual cooling blades on here and it has
four copper heat pipes nickel plated
copper heat pipes that are sanded down
and you can see the actual copper is
exposed when it comes to the block
itself or the actual heatsink contact
point with your heat spreader now so not
a whole lot to talk about on this I mean
the the blades feel solid they do have
their nice and straight they're not bent
they do attract fingerprints so you want
to keep that in mind you can see right
through the thing so let's go ahead and
get this in the test bench and let's
compare and see how it does on my
overclocked 46 70 K and we'll go ahead
and talk about whether or not this is a
bi and something you should consider
taking a look at from this brand new
company ragin tech
I think that's how you say it I'm
honestly not sure hey guys so before I
could even start talking about
temperatures on this I'd ran into a
problem that's actually really common
and many of you have probably
experienced yourself where the fan was
actually hitting the RAM on my test
bench now this isn't a big deal if you
have standard height RAM or Ranma
doesn't have a tall heatsink on it or
heat spreader like my 82 Ram does so it
may not even be an issue for you so in
my case the fan was striking the rim and
what I had to do was I had to instead of
doing a push configuration which would
be desired on a heatsink tower like this
I had to go into a pull configuration by
putting the fan on the opposite side I
don't feel that that is the most optimal
fan setting for a heatsink tower like
this where it's air-cooled so I just
want you to be mindful of that while
we're talking about the temperatures
here moving forward okay first things
first the installation is really simple
the backplate fits all of your sockets
you have one backplate for everything
the fan mounts with these little rubber
tabs that just kind of hook on to the
heatsink so it's really simple now when
it comes to the temperatures I don't
really think there's anything surprising
here when it comes to stock voltage
stock clocks this thing kept the CPU
nice and cool in the mid to upper-60s
and had absolutely no problem
maintaining that temperature with a low
fan speed no issues at all but as soon
as I started bumping more voltage to it
and started reaching that 1.27 to 1.3
volt range for the CPU which is what's
required for my chip to get it's four
point four gigahertz overclock I started
seeing temperatures go all the way up
into the 90s so this cooler is
definitely not up to the task
when it comes to cooling down that much
voltage and there could be a couple of
reasons for this one it could be because
the actual block is not very smooth it's
kind of rough it's just usually better
temperatures come from a lapped service
which is polished and glassy smooth so
that you don't get any crevices and
things for there to be you know micro
gaps which really do affect temperatures
it also good just because of the fact
that there's only four heat pipes in
this particular cooler now this cooler
is going to be very similar to like the
cooler master hyper 212 so the
performance here is pretty much on par
with what I've experienced with that
cooler in various builds that I've done
now I don't talk about costs because I
have
no idea how much this thing costs so I
can't really talk about that but tell me
what you think about this cooler what I
think it looks pretty awesome I like the
design it looks really good it was easy
to install but you may have
compatibility issues with your RAM and
definitely you have to make sure that
you can accommodate the height of this
cooler so guys go ahead and sound off in
the comments and tell me what you think
what cooler are you using if your air
cooling and why help everyone else make
an informed decision on what to buy for
their computers I'm gonna get the hell
on out of here guys I've got a huge
announcement coming up here in the
future and I can't wait to tell you guys
about it but it's a little bit premature
so we won't even go there yet as always
guys I'll see you in my next video